Add feature flag rate limits (#7746)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/api/index.mdx

- The [HogQL query](/docs/hogql#api-access) endpoint (`/api/project/:id/query`) has a rate limit of `120/hour`.

> - For the rest of the create, read, update, and delete endpoints, except feature flag local evaluation, the rate limits are `480/minute` and `4800/hour`.
> 
> - For feature flag local evaluation (which is enabled in SDKs when you input a personal API key, the rate limit is `600/minute`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For [feature flag local evaluation](/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation) (which is enabled in SDKs when you input a personal API key), the rate limit is `600/minute`.

- For the rest of the create, read, update, and delete endpoints, the rate limits are `480/minute` and `4800/hour`.
```

Author: d'oh much nicer :P  thanks!
